[DOCS] Adds more guidelines on in-product help (#8)
elastic/tech-writing-guidelines: docs/in-prod-help.mdx

## Tooltips and icontips

A [tooltip](https://elastic.github.io/eui/#/display/tooltip) is textual hover 

> help that is added to one or more words and a question mark icon.

Reviewer: I think of a tooltip as a brief message that provides additional information when a user hovers over a UI element.

Not every tooltip in KIbana opens with a question mark icon.  We should provide guidelines on when and when not to use it.

> help that is added to one or more words and a question mark icon.

Reviewer: I think of a tooltip as a brief message that appears when a user hovers over a UI element.

Not every tooltip in KIbana opens with a question mark icon.  We should provide guidelines on when and when not to use it.

* Use it to explain what a specific component is or does. For example, it might 
  explain what a table column shows or what a metric does.

> * It is useful for small snippets of information and not longer than one or two 

Reviewer: Let's make this parallel:

- Keep the text to no more than 2 short sentences.
- Do not include links or text that requires special formatting.

> * It is useful for small snippets of information and not longer than one or two 

Reviewer: Let's make this parallel:

- Keep the text to no more than 2 short sentences.
- Do not include links or text that requires special formatting.

  sentences.
* Tooltips do not include links or text that requires special formatting.

> * The icon color is grey, or black if it's used on a grey background.

Reviewer: See comment about icons above.  Using icons with tooltips should be a separate section.

> * The icon color is grey, or black if it's used on a grey background.

Reviewer: See comment about icons above.  Using icons with tooltips should be a separate section.

## Popovers

A [popover](https://elastic.github.io/eui/#/layout/popover) can provide 

> longer explanations associated with a clickable element. 

Reviewer: Move "popovers are triggered on click" here.

> longer explanations associated with a clickable element. 

Reviewer: Move "popovers are triggered on click" here.

> * Ideal for “how it works” content, reference information, examples, or when you 

Reviewer: Let's start these with a verb:

- Use for "how it works"...
- Consider this ...
- Add links or format text if it helps convey meaning.

> * Ideal for “how it works” content, reference information, examples, or when you 

Reviewer: Let's start these with a verb:

- Use for "how it works"...
- Consider this ...
- Add links or format text if it helps convey meaning.

  need more space than provided in a tooltip.
* Consider this component instead of a learn more link, which takes the user off 
  the page.
* Formatted text or links can be added to a popover.
* The icon color is blue.
* The icon is on the right side of the label.
* Popovers are triggered on click.

<DocCallOut >

>   As popovers need to be kept in sync with the documentation, use them 

Reviewer: Use popovers judiciously because they must be kept in sync with the documentation

>   As popovers need to be kept in sync with the documentation, use them 

Reviewer: Use popovers judiciously because they must be kept in sync with the documentation

## Flyout

Flyouts provide instructions for a complex task that might be hard to 

> complete without help. It can be also useful to help users better understand a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
complete without help. It can be help users better understand a 
```
```suggestion
complete without help. It can be also useful to help users better understand a 
```

> complete without help. It can be also useful to help users better understand a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
complete without help. It can also help users better understand a 
```

> complete without help. It can be also useful to help users better understand a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
complete without help. It can also help users better understand a 
```
```suggestion
complete without help. It can be also useful to help users better understand a 
```

> concept, such as index patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
concept.
```

> concept, such as index patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
concept.
```

> * Use it if users have to go outside the app to accomplish a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a flyout instead of sending users outside the app to accomplish a task.
```

> * Use it if users have to go outside the app to accomplish a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a flyout instead of sending users outside the app to accomplish a task.
```
```suggestion
* Use it if users have to go outside the app to accomplish a task.
```

> Learn more links typically appear inline after a description. Links to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more links typically appear inline after a description. They link to 
```

> Learn more links typically appear inline after a description. Links to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more links typically appear inline after a description. They link to 
```
```suggestion
Learn more links typically appear inline after a description. Links to the 
```

documentation, where users can get more detailed help.

> * They carry low cost and high benefit, so they can be used wherever there is 

Reviewer: Place this sentence in the intro.

> * They carry low cost and high benefit, so they can be used wherever there is 

Reviewer: Place this sentence in the intro.

  more to learn.

> * It's important to make sure that the Learn more links point to the right 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure that the Learn more links point to the right 
```

> * It's important to make sure that the Learn more links point to the right 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure that the Learn more links point to the right 
```

  place.
* Check the relevant, linked content whether it needs to be updated or expanded.
* If the UI is helpful enough and the linked content that the Learn more link 
  points to doesn't add more value to the topic, do not create (or remove) the 
  Learn more link.

> [Learn more link in calendars (ML app)](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/ccf961f8b751bbd715a4886bdc79c154c33067eb/x-pack/plugins/ml/public/application/jobs/new_job/pages/components/job_details_step/components/additional_section/components/calendars/description.tsx#L33)

Reviewer: Can you add images for each of components.

> [Learn more link in calendars (ML app)](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/ccf961f8b751bbd715a4886bdc79c154c33067eb/x-pack/plugins/ml/public/application/jobs/new_job/pages/components/job_details_step/components/additional_section/components/calendars/description.tsx#L33)

Reviewer: Can you add images for each of components.
